[TW-962] Environment variable sorting (#4625)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/sending-requests/managing-environments.md

### Editing environment variables

> You can edit variables either by opening an environment from __Environments__ on the left, or by selecting the environment quick look icon <img alt="Environment quick look icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-environment-quick-look.jpg#icon" width="16px"> next to the [environment selector in the workbench](/docs/getting-started/navigating-postman/#environment-selector-and-environment-quick-look) and selecting __Edit__. You can sort the list of variables by selecting any column heading, or by dragging variables in the list. Hover over a variable to reveal a handle and a plus sign on the left, then select the handle to drag the variable.

Reviewer: `a handle and a plus sign on the left, then select the handle to drag the variable.`

Not sure about putting so much focus on the drag feature here. Our hypothesis is that sorting _should_ replace the use of drag and drop in most cases where the user wants the variables A-Z for easier scan-ability. 

What if instead we highlighted the sorting interaction of clicking a heading? (not sure if the term "selecting" should be used since it is a click and toggle action)

```suggestion
You can edit variables either by opening an environment from __Environments__ on the left, or by selecting the environment quick look icon <img alt="Environment quick look icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-environment-quick-look.jpg#icon" width="16px"> next to the [environment selector in the workbench](/docs/getting-started/navigating-postman/#environment-selector-and-environment-quick-look) and selecting __Edit__. You can sort the list of variables by clicking any column heading to toggle between alphabetical ascending or descending order and custom order. To sort the list by a custom order, clear the active sort then drag rows to reorder using the handle on the left-hand side.
```

Just a suggestion above as to what I am thinking we could write based on the new features, but feel free to move words around as you see fit and LMK what you think!

Author: Great suggestion, thanks Missy! Our style guide uses `select` instead of `click` so I'll leave that term as-is, but the rest is spot-on.
